All right.
So we've been able to upload the single images, multiple images as well.
Now all this upload, we get the response.
So we want to use that response.
So basically now is time.
The image has been uploaded.
We want to boost that to the context so that we have the collection of medias in the context.
All right.
And then in that context, we will also add the selected property.
So the images, the last one will be always selected.
We will have the array of images and then we will also control the model when to show the model component,
when to show this media model, when to close.
Right.
So let's go ahead, create the media context scrutiny file, let's call it media starts to use to make
things easier.
Let's grab one of the component.
Let's copy post, post context and just copy and paste here.
And we just make some changes here.
So post context, change that to the media.
Media context.
All right.
So first provider, change this to media provider.
And in the state, we will have media and set media.
You say in the media, we will have the images around.
So is there an image has been uploaded?
We will post them here
and later in the media library we will use use effect to load all the images from the database and populate
in the context as well.
All right.
So images, our next one is selected.
There will always be a selected image if the user have uploaded.
For example, if I upload one file here.
From within this compound, then obviously my intention is to use that feature image here while creating
this post.
First of all, we want to give that selected.
We want to add that image as a selected image here.
That way, we can easily send this to our back in when we are creating a new post.
So images selected and then the property moving to add that is called social media model.
We give the different value.
The reason we need this one is when they upload a single image.
When it is uploaded, maybe you want to automatically close the model.
There's no point saying that.
Close the model.
And so the selected images as a preview images right here.
So we can control that.
So we use this one as well.
So that's our state.
And now let's send this to.
Post context, let's send that to media context provided we give the valid that is media and said the
media.
And we turn this
post to media.
So that is our we.
Okay.
So now we have media contacts as well.
Before we start using it, we need to make sure to input in the addresses.
So let's import that.
It's good to have.
Let's just copy it.
That.
I don't have to send this to media provider for context media.
And then we can read.
So we have post everything in it.
It's called the NAV.
And the component could use media provide.
And spirited back again.
Ah, now you can see we have full different context there wrapping our application.
Awesome.
Okay, so we've got the media provided.
That means we can now access the media.
We can post the images to media in the context.
We can do all that.
So we can start from our profile.
All right, so here we got the response, right?
So we want to do something with the response.
Let me just comment about what I want to do here is I want to push to the media context.
Now for that, let me first input.
Context media.
And we can start using event counts.
Media set media to use state.
So use context.
Media context.
Okay.
And then when you get the response, what you want to do here is said to media.
So we get actually let's do different set media we use this function so here the media has the is a
really it has the selected property as well so images what do you want to do with the images is you
want to post this new response to the images.
All right.
So you have images.
So the array spread the array, media dot images.
So whatever we already have living like that and we just want to add a new one to that would be in 4.5.
response.
I guess that's what we get to that filtered response that contains the the media information that were
just saved in the database to that response.
We add to the already existing media as the images, if there is any.
Otherwise it would be the first one.
Okay.
So that's images selected.
Do you want to make it too?
And you want the search teams to be the currently uploaded images.
All right.
So in for the fighting response.
And you also want to change that social media model.
You want to make it false.
So by default results of false.
By default it's false.
When we upload, it will be true, right?
When the upload has been done, when we give the response, then again, there's no point showing the
model, so we make it false.
All right, let's see what we have here.
Media context model.
Not fun.
Nine five.
Media context.
Okay.
So it's 11..
All right.
So you should try this one.
We should try and we should show the list of medias in the admin post new.
So let's quickly go to new.
It's important context.
Import media context.
From.
Context media.
All right.
Let's make sure we have used context to that.
So let's use that.
Concealed media, since media includes to use context, media context that will give us access to the
media in the state.
So let's put it right and talk about this one to see what we have.
In the context to.
Jason's string of high medium.
No.
Four will remove this fire soon.
Just for the now.
Just for the moment.
I want to see if we get anything.
So by default, we have folks.
All right, so let's try uploading and let's try.
So why?
Beautiful.
I see you as soon as you upload.
We have been able to update the media context.
So we have one image.
In this image is a ray and this image has been sent as selected images as well.
Beautiful.
Absolutely beautiful.
So it works.
It works for on the single upload.
No, we have to do the same in a media library as well.
So let me just open these two windows side by side.
So this one is upload file.
Here, I want to open a media library and let's make some change.
And this one as well.
So it's going to be exactly the same.
So said media.
Oh, actually, let me just make sure we have the context.
So let's go on top.
So we import the media context in this one as well.
Import that one and then use the context.
Then come down here and then use the said media on the response.
On the response.
Comment that out.
Put it here.
Beautiful.
Okay, let's give it a try.
Let's try multiple approved as well.
And it's trying to images.
By the way, here we will be showing all the media that we have in the database and will be later to
have been uploaded.
And you can see in our images area now we have 1 to 3 minutes and the selected one has been.
This one, the latest one.
So this one ends with the RTA.
That's the one.
Okay.
So that's the latest one.
Let's quickly have a look at that.
That's so beautiful.
Okay.
So this is great.
Now, moving forward, we can show the selected images as a preview is here.
And then you may have also noticed that.
The the mortar.
This didn't close automatically.
That's because we're not actually using that yet.
So the social media model falls this fairly.
We're not using it.
We are still using the one we created previously in our admin.
New is we created this one visual media.
This started we used to toggle the visibility of this media model so we can stop using this one and
switch to the context value we have in the media so we can use that, we can switch that.
Otherwise it's looking good.
So we can show the featured images here.
And then we have to make a little adjustment in our create post, for instance, so that when we have
the selected images, we send that.
Altogether so that when we create a new post, if the selected image is there, then this post will
have defeated in Israel.